Initial pipeline setup (#1)
chicago-policy-review/data-visualizations: README.md

## Technical necessities
1. [npm](https://www.npmjs.com/) v7.20.3
2. The environment variables `CHICAGO_POLICY_REVIEW_USER_NAME` and `CHICAGO_POLICY_REVIEW_PASSWORD` variables need to be saved in your [.env](https://www.codementor.io/@parthibakumarmurugesan/what-is-env-how-to-set-up-and-run-a-env-file-in-node-1pnyxw9yxj) file.
    - An example of a `.env` file can be found in the `.env_template` file, please follow the directions there.
    - The two variables should contain the credentials you use to sign on to CPR's WordPress site.
   ```
     CHICAGO_POLICY_REVIEW_USER_NAME=your_user_name@uchicago.edu
     CHICAGO_POLICY_REVIEW_PASSWORD=your_password
     ```

## Libraries to read when creating visuals
1. `node-htmlprocessor`: [Link](https://github.com/dciccale/node-htmlprocessor)
2. `amCharts`: [Link](https://www.amcharts.com/)
    - We are currently using the non-profit license that requires that the `amCharts` logo be displayed on the chart.
    - We are using version `5.3.8`, which is hosted externally.
    - If any questions come from the `amCharts` or `UChicago` legal department regarding this license, please reference this `amCharts` support request number: `75825`

> ## Build process for a visualization

Reviewer: Could we add “Step 0. Clone the repository to your local machine if you haven’t already” (or something to that effect)?

Author: Gotchu.

Author: Done!

> 1. Go to the base folder of the `data-visualizations` repository and run the command `npm install`

Reviewer: Could we add “Step 0. Clone the repository to your local machine if you haven’t already” (or something to that effect) under “Build process for a visualization”?

> 2. Create your HTML with the visualization inside its respective year and story folder via the `npm run create-visual` command.

Reviewer: "Create your HTML with the visualization inside" makes it sounds like the viz exists at this point, but this step just creates the file that the viz *will be* created in, yes? If so, it would help to clarify that.

Author: The structure is there for it, but that's it. I'll make the change!

Author: Updated.

    - If it is the year `2023` and your story is called `Example Visual` then go to the year folder `2023` and your story's folder `example-visual` in [kebab-case](https://www.freecodecamp.org/news/programming-naming-conventions-explained#what-is-kebab-case).
    - Example command: `npm run create-visual --year=2023 --story=example-visual`

> 3. Start creating your visual that will be housed in the `./$year/$story/` folder.

Reviewer: I think data visualization specialists, especially incoming ones, are going to need a bit more about _how_ to create their visual. The documentation you link to describes how to _process_ HTML, but it's not clear (at least to me) where the HTML is coming from. Relatedly, it's not clear to me when amCharts and JavaScript come into play – amCharts is listed under "Libraries to read when creating a visual" but never mentioned here ("Build process for a visualization").

Reviewer: Update: I see there's more on how to create a visual in the template_visual folder. Can we reference/link to that here, so people know that's where to go for more information?

Author: Well, the `template_visual` folder contains commented segments on how to create the visuals. Listing that all out in the `README` feels excessive given the amount of info in the `index.html` and `main.js` file.

7. You should now have a file named `[story].min.html` in your story's folder. Run the command `npm run wordpress-upload --year=[year] --story=[kebab-case-story-name]` and your `[story].min.html` file will be uploaded to the `media` folder on the CPR WordPress site.
    - Example: `npm run wordpress-upload --year=2023 --story=example-visual`

## Commands
- `npm run format`: This will format the JavaScript inside the repository
- `npm run lint`: Runs the linter in the repository and will let you know if any JavaScript faux pas were made in your code
- `npm run create-visual --year=[year] --story=[kebab-case-story-name]`: Creates a copy of the files in `./template_visual` in the `/$year/$story` folder, which will serve as the basis of your new CPR visual
- `npm run process-visual --year=[year] --story=[kebab-case-story-name]`: Runs `node-htmlprocessor` on the `index.html` file in the `/$year/$story` folder and outputs the processed version as `$story.min.html`
- `npm run wordpress-upload --year=[year] --story=[kebab-case-story-name]`: Runs a JavaScript file that exports the `$story.min.html` file to the WordPress `media` folder 

> 

Reviewer: I think it would be helpful to distinguish between files the user will need to edit to create their viz and files they won't. It could be as simple as a short section:

Edit these files:
< file >
< file >

Don't edit these files:
< file >
< file >

Or something like that. I realize that might feel like a lot of hand-holding, but I think it's best to air on the side of over documenting given the range of experience levels in CPR.

Author: Once the `./$story/$year` folder is created, the comments for the code are within the files. There is also a pull-request process which does not allow anyone to merge into the `main` branch without an admin on this repository approving it, you or me at this point. No one outside of you or I can push to the WordPress site either, so there will be another barrier. A lot of this will also be addressed after the first visual is submitted, as most people will pretty much copy that process.

A lot of this will also be addressed in any introduction to the repository, as the intent is definitely not to just hand it to them without any information. I would very much prefer to rely on the comments within the files and the pull-request process than making the `README` more verbose than need-be.

    - We are using version `5.3.8`, which is hosted externally.
    - If any questions come from the `amCharts` or `UChicago` legal department regarding this license, please reference this `amCharts` support request number: `75825`

## Build process for a visualization
1. [Clone](https://docs.github.com/en/repositories/creating-and-managing-repositories/cloning-a-repository) the [repository](https://github.com/chicago-policy-review/data-visualizations) from GitHub if you have not already.
2. Go to the base folder of the `data-visualizations` repository and run the command `npm install`.
3. Create the HTML file that will serve as the basis for your visualization inside its respective year and story folder via the `npm run create-visual` command.
    - If it is the year `2023` and your story is called `Example Visual` then go to the year folder `2023` and your story's folder `example-visual` in [kebab-case](https://www.freecodecamp.org/news/programming-naming-conventions-explained#what-is-kebab-case).
    - Example command: `npm run create-visual --year=2023 --story=example-visual`

> 4. Start creating your visual that will be housed in the `./$year/$story/` folder.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Go into your newly created `./$year/$story/` folder and start creating your visual in the HTML file.
```

Author: 99% of the code changes will be done in the JavaScript file, but I'll update the code comment to something similar to this!

Author: Done!

>     - Look to the documentation [here](https://github.com/dciccale/grunt-processhtml#readme) for how to write your processed HTML.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Look to the comments in the HTML file and the documentation [here](https://github.com/dciccale/grunt-processhtml#readme) for how to write your processed HTML.
```

Author: Done!
